>>> LAST THING BEFORE WE GO
TONIGHT IS AN EXCHANGE THAT TOOK
PLACE AT TODAY'S SENATE HEARING
WITH THE BIG NAME WITNESSES FROM
JUSTICE, FBI, NSA AND N NATIONA
INTELLIGENCE.
THE JUNIOR SENATOR FROM
CALIFORNIA AND A DEMOCRAT WAS
TRYING TO GET ROD ROSENSTEIN OF
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO ANSWER
QUESTIONS ABOUT HOW MUCH LEEWAY
THIS MUELLER INVESTIGATION WILL
HAVE.
BEFORE YOU SEE THIS EXCHANGE TWO
THINGS TO NOTE.
THE SENATORS WERE UNDER TIME
LIMITS TO GET THEIR ANSWERS AND
THE WITNESSES WERE NOT IN A
SHARING MOOD TODAY CANDIDLY.
>> SENATOR, I AM VERY SENSITIVE
ABOUT TIME.
I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A LENGTHY
CONVERSATION AND EXPLAIN THAT TO
YOU.
>> GIVE ME A YES OR NO ANSWER,
PLEASE?
>> IT IS NOT A SHORT ANSWER.
>> EITHER YOU ARE WILLING TO DO
THAT OR ARE NOT.
WE HAVE PRECEDENT IN THAT
REGARD.
>> CHAIRMAN, THEY SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO ANSWER THE QUESTION.
>> IT'S A LONG QUESTION YOU POSE
AND I FULLY APPRECIATE THE
IMPORT OF YOUR QUESTION.
>> ARE YOU WILLING OR NOT
WILLING TO GIVE HIM THE
AUTHORITY TO BE FULLY
INDEPENDENT OF YOUR ABILITY
STATORILY AND LEGALLY TO FIRE
HIM?
YES OR NO?
>> HE HAS THE FULL INDEPENDENCE
THAT IS AUTHORIZED BY THOSE
REGULATIONS.
>> ARE YOU WILLING TO DO?
>> WILL THE -- THE CHAIR WILL
EXERCISE ITS RIGHT TO ALLOW THE
WITNESSES TO ANSWER THE QUESTION
AND THE COMMITTEE IS ON NOTICE
TO PROVIDE THE WITNESSES THE
COURTESY WHICH HAS NOT BEEN
EXTENDED ALL THE WAY ACROSS,
EXTEND THE COURTESY FOR
QUESTIONS TO GET ANSWERED.
>> MR. CHAIRMAN, RESPECTFULLY,
THIS WITNESS HAS JOKED WITH THE
ABILITY TO FILL